Update to verbiage (#163)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/docs-conceptual/sharepoint-pnp/sharepoint-pnp-cmdlets.md

# PnP PowerShell overview

> SharePoint Patterns and Practices (PnP) contains a library of PowerShell commands (PnP PowerShell) that allows you to perform complex provisioning and artifact management actions towards SharePoint. The commands use CSOM and work against SharePoint Online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SharePoint Patterns and Practices (PnP) contains a library of PowerShell commands (PnP PowerShell) that allows you to perform complex provisioning and artifact management actions toward SharePoint. The commands use CSOM and work against SharePoint Online.
```

> SharePoint Patterns and Practices (PnP) contains a library of PowerShell commands (PnP PowerShell) that allows you to perform complex provisioning and artifact management actions towards SharePoint. The commands uses CSOM and works against SharePoint Online.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SharePoint Patterns and Practices (PnP) contains a library of PowerShell commands (PnP PowerShell) that allows you to perform complex provisioning and artifact management actions towards SharePoint. The commands use CSOM and work against SharePoint Online.
```
